tidb: add the description for `tidb_enable_auto_analyze_priority_queue` (#16730)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Determines whether TiDB automatically updates table statistics as a background operation.
- This setting was previously a `tidb.toml` option (`performance.run-auto-analyze`), but changed to a system variable starting from TiDB v6.1.0.

### tidb_enable_auto_analyze_priority_queue <span class="version-mark">New in v8.0.0</span>

- Scope: GLOBAL
- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: Boolean
- Default value: `ON`

> - This variable is used to control whether to enable the priority queue to schedule the tasks of automatically collecting statistics. When this variable is enabled, TiDB prioritizes collecting statistics for the tables that most need it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to control whether to enable the priority queue to schedule the tasks of automatically collecting statistics. When this variable is enabled, TiDB prioritizes collecting statistics for tables that are more valuable to collect, such as newly created indexes and partitioned tables with partition changes. Additionally, TiDB prioritizes tables with lower health scores, placing them at the front of the queue.
```

> - This variable is used to control whether to enable the priority queue to schedule the tasks of automatically collecting statistics. When this variable is enabled, TiDB prioritizes collecting statistics for the tables that most need statistics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to control whether to enable the priority queue to schedule the tasks of automatically collecting statistics. When this variable is enabled, TiDB prioritizes collecting statistics for the tables that most need it.
```
